Velkoskis/scripts for testnet (#91)
maticnetwork/nightfall-sdk: README.md

APP_TOKEN_ADDRESS_1=0x4f3c4F8D4575Cf73c2FAf9F36cc505e19E65B9C0
```

```
# Contents of .env.goerli
APP_BLOCKCHAIN_WEBSOCKET_URL=your web3 socket provider
APP_CLIENT_API_URL=http://localhost:8080
APP_ETH_PRIVATE_KEY=your Ethereum private key
APP_NIGHTFALL_MNEMONIC=your Nightfall mnemonic
# Goerli MATIC
APP_TOKEN_ADDRESS_1=0x499d11E0b6eAC7c0593d8Fb292DCBbF815Fb29Ae

> ```

Reviewer: Because you are keeping some comments for the Goerli vars, I was wondering if we could update the Ganache ones to indicate that some of the given details relate nightfall_3 local deployment:

```
# Contents of .env.ganache
APP_BLOCKCHAIN_WEBSOCKET_URL=ws://localhost:8546
APP_CLIENT_API_URL=http://localhost:8080

# Nightfall_3 User 1
APP_ETH_PRIVATE_KEY=0x4775af73d6dc84a0ae76f8726bda4b9ecf187c377229cb39e1afa7a18236a69e

APP_NIGHTFALL_MNEMONIC=

# Nightfall_3 ERC20Mock contract address in ganache
# Make sure to monitor the local deployment and double-check the contract address
APP_TOKEN_ADDRESS_1=0xa8473bEF03cBE50229a39718CBDC1fdee2F26b1a
```

### Example scripts

To use the example scripts and the SDK correctly, one needs to have a good understanding of how the Nightfall Protocol runs under the hood.

> 

Reviewer: :purple_heart:

#### 2Tx rule

<b>This is a rule that applies to Nightfall Protocol on Ganache.<b>

Making a deposit, transfer or withdrawal means that a transaction is submitted to L2, when 2 transactions like this are submitted a block is proposed and created. The creation of a new block changes the state of Nightfall. Changing the state of L2 means that the deposit, transfer and withdrawal(not finalise-withdrawal) are finalised.

> ex. Making 1 deposit won't change the state of Nightfall. Running the `eg:nf-balances:ganache` script won't show any updated balance with the new deposit. Making 2 deposits or a deposit and a transfer will update the state and show the correct updated balance when running the script.

Reviewer: Note there are a few references to that `balances` script to correct!
Not sure if `ex` is valid to abbreviate "example"... 

```suggestion
E.g. Making 1 deposit won't change the state of Nightfall. Running the `eg:balances:ganache` script won't show any updated balance with the new deposit. Making 2 deposits or a deposit and a transfer will update the state and show the correct updated balance when running the script.
```

#### 32Tx rule

<b>This is a rule that applies to Nightfall Protocol on Goerli Testnet and Mainnet.<b>
To learn more about Nightfall protocol on Mainnet and Testnet visit the [documentation](https://docs.polygon.technology/docs/nightfall/faq/#how-long-do-transfers-take-on-polygon-nightfall-network-from-start-to-finish).

Making a deposit, transfer or withdrawal means that a transaction is submitted to L2, when 32 transactions like this are submitted a block is proposed and created. The creation of a new block changes the state of Nightfall. Changing the state of L2 means that the deposit, transfer and withdrawal(not finalise-withdrawal) are finalised.

> ex. Making 1 deposit won't change the state of Nightfall. Running the `eg:nf-balances:goerli` script won't show any updated balance with the new deposit. Another 31 transactions should be submitted to the network

Reviewer: Note the reference to `balances` script.

Also, I see the point about repeating the same as in the `2Tx rule` section - to emphasise the behaviour, but I wonder if a shorter version would be enough :thinking: Up to you!!

Author: it is important to be clear to understand the difference, but yeah it is too big and repetitive, did a shorter version!

#### Nightfall keys

Upon each running of any of the scripts a new instance of the User class is created, if an existing Mnemonic isn’t specified in the .env file, a new Mnemonic is assigned to that specific user.

#### Available networks

You can run the example scripts on the following networks: `network = ganache`, `network = goerli`

> 

Reviewer: Careful. It's fine for now but we have to bear in mind that this is only partially true. Ganache is for local development :+1: Re Goerli, the advantage is a) that we provide some infra, b) that the product has been tested. But in theory they can deploy to whatever network they want.

#### Make a deposit

```
npm run-script eg:deposit:[network]
```

#### Make a transfer

For making a transfer an already existing account with ERC20 balance is required. For testing purposes, this can be achieved by saving the mnemonic used for previous deposits and adding it to the .env file.

```
npm run-script eg:transfer:[network]
```

#### Make a withdrawal

For making a withdrawal an already existing account with ERC20 balance is required. For testing purposes, this can be achieved by saving the mnemonic used for previous deposits and adding it to the .env file.

```
npm run-script eg:withdrawal:[network]
```

##### Finalise withdrawal

After initiating a withdrawal you will get a `withdrawTxHash`. To finalise a withdrawal should update `withdrawTxHash` in `/txWithdrawalFinalise.ts`. Then by executing the script below, you will finalise the withdrawal and get the funds back to L1.

```
npm run-script eg:finalise-withdrawal:[network]
```

#### Check L2 balances

Check your L2 balances.

```

> npm run-script eg:nf-balances:[network]

Reviewer: :eyes:
